Added Samples for LoopbackConnection and Submodule Call (#51)
microsoft/sql-server-language-extensions: language-extensions/dotnet-core-CSharp/sample/SubModuleCall/Readme.md

# SubModule Call

>  This folder contains an implementation which will help in Calling any functionality which has been embeded inside an external DLL. Imagine that you already have a DLL which has a lot of functionalities built into it and you would like to reuse all those features in SQL Server Language Extension. This particualar example tries to address this exact requirements. To represent the custom build, we have create a simple project , which has been placed in SubModuleProject folder.This project just has a console out statement. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This folder contains an implementation which will help in calling any functionality which has been embedded inside an external DLL. Imagine that you already have a DLL which has a lot of functionality built into it and you would like to reuse all those features in SQL Server Language Extension. This submodule example enables you to reuse your existing code. To represent the custom build, we have created a simple project, which has been placed in SubModuleProject folder. This project just has a console out statement. 
```

 ## Prerequisites
 * SubModuleProject\SubModule\Program.cs: This is a sample custom code with simple console log.  
 * SubModuleProject\SubModule\SubModule.csproj: This is the .NET project file which encapsulated the custom code. 
 * SubModuleProject\SubModule\SubModule.sln : Solution file for the custom project. 
 *  CallSubModule.cs : This is the actual module which has the implementation to call a external DLL. Modify this code to point to the right folder where the external DLLs are stored. 

## Implementation Steps

1) Download/clone the [SubModuleProject](./SubModuleProject/SubModule/) 
2) Compile the project [SubModule.sln](./SubModuleProject/SubModule/SubModule.sln). This will generete a DLL file named SubModule.dll
3) Move this DLL file to respective folder of SQL server Langugage extension.
4) Grant access to the DLL once it is moved.Below are the commands to grant access. Run these in a command prompt window. 

  * icacls "C:\Program Files\Microsoft SQL Server\MSSQL16.SQLSERVER2022\MSSQL\ExternalLibraries\6\65537\1" /grant "SQLRUsergroupSQLSERVER2022":(OI)(CI)RX /T  

>     * icacls "C:\Program Files\Microsoft SQL Server\MSSQL16.SQLSERVER2022\MSSQL\ExternalLibraries\6\65537\1"  /grant *S-1-15-2-1:(OI)(CI)RX /T 

Reviewer: Wrap these two lines (remove bullet points) in a code block with the triple backtick and language specifier `bash`:
https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/creating-and-highlighting-code-blocks#syntax-highlighting

````
```bash
icacls "C:\Program Files\Microsoft SQL Server\MSSQL16.SQLSERVER2022\MSSQL\ExternalLibraries\6\65537\1" /grant "SQLRUsergroupSQLSERVER2022":(OI)(CI)RX /T  
icacls "C:\Program Files\Microsoft SQL Server\MSSQL16.SQLSERVER2022\MSSQL\ExternalLibraries\6\65537\1"  /grant *S-1-15-2-1:(OI)(CI)RX /T 
```
````

Then the Markdown will render like this:
```bash
icacls "C:\Program Files\Microsoft SQL Server\MSSQL16.SQLSERVER2022\MSSQL\ExternalLibraries\6\65537\1" /grant "SQLRUsergroupSQLSERVER2022":(OI)(CI)RX /T  
icacls "C:\Program Files\Microsoft SQL Server\MSSQL16.SQLSERVER2022\MSSQL\ExternalLibraries\6\65537\1"  /grant *S-1-15-2-1:(OI)(CI)RX /T 
```

Author: Have udpated the code. Thank you for the comment.

> 5) Modify the code in [CallSubModule.cs](./CallSubModule.cs). You will have to just update the folder name here along with DLL.

Author: I will correct the narrative.
